Instance change username and ownership (#2259)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/changing-ownership/change-ownership-or-username.md

---
#https://www.notion.so/n8n/Frontmatter-432c2b8dff1f43d4b1c8d20075510fe4
title: Change Instance Ownership or Username
Description: Change instance ownership or username.
contentType: howto
---

# Change instance ownership

> You can change the ownership of an instance by navigating into the **Settings** page in the owner's account and editing the **Email** field. After making the changes, scroll down and press **Save**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can change the ownership of an instance by navigating to the **Settings** page in the owner's account and editing the **Email** field. After making the changes, scroll down and press **Save**.
```

> Note that for the change to be effective, the new email address cannot be linked to any other n8n account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the change to be effective, you can't link the new email address to any other n8n account.
```

> Note that for the change to be effective, the new email address cannot be linked to any other n8n account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that for the change to be effective, the new email address can't be linked to any other n8n account.
```

Changing emails will change the owner of the instance, the email you log in with, and the email your invoices and general communication gets sent to.

# Change instance username

> It is not currently possible to change usernames.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's not currently possible to change usernames.
```

> If you want your instance to have a different name you need to create a new account and transfer your work into it.

Reviewer: Maybe explain how they can transfer work into the new account by linking this page: https://docs.n8n.io/workflows/export-import/ ?

Author: great point!
